[Music]
yo what's going on guys how to do 9 to 7
here and in this video I'm going to do a
better hoc review as you can see I wear
my better hockey hats right here and my
better hockey t-shirt Murs right here
and I'm going to test out the products
that I have and let's do our review of
them the first product is the extreme
shooting target and this is really good
for your accuracy you can prove your
shot we use it up this is all in your
net by 10 seconds and it also have a
really cool log on it better hockey and
I think this is very stable so you can
rip some really hot packs on it
[Music]
[Applause]
next product is extreme pastor clamp on
this is a really good pastor and you can
use it on whatever you want like a
shooting pad or experience luring time
it returns the pack back really good and
you can easily install it
[Music]
the third one is experience together
this is a really good product to get
better hands which is used by many NHL
players and you can change figuration of
it that's what I really like about it
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
the fourth and last item that I'm gonna
review today is the extreme stick which
this is a really good product to become
strong in the right specific hockey
muscles you can use it whenever you want
so like if you're shooting stick
handling and passing you can have it on
your stick for about five minutes and
then take it off and you want to see
some extraordinary changes so this is a
really good product and it's not
stripping off the stick or anything and
gliding or so it's stable and yeah
this is used by many NHL players and
it's a really good product to use he's a
bit better searching the work of the
treasure make it to the NHL sociable uh
commercial community shooter
Hakeem's get smoother a good time but do
it now
[Music]
I'm a career and whoever stand in my way
I'm gonna make a cry that's gonna about
the review thank you guys so much for
watching and I want to link in the
description better markets website and
also their social media so you can check
them out and they also have some really
cool products like the extreme flooring
times which is the best tiles on the
market and it's really good
glide on it so yet also have some Nets
toxic green biscuits and so on so all of
the products is really good and it's
very cheap so for the good quality and
it's used by many NHL players and they
helped Lurgan let's help yours buy it
now
[Music]